CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

This is a free and open source project and we welcome contributions.

## Getting Started

First, make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free).

## Changes
  * Significant improvements should be documented as GitHub issues first.
  * Fork the repository.
  * Make changes in your own fork.
  * When you make a commit, write a succinct summary of your changes in the description, add more details in the extended.
  * If you are using Github interface, before committing, review your changes with the Preview tab. Then commit your changes.
  * Go to the master repository, and submit a pull request for your changes.

## Typos and Other Small Changes

If you find typos, mistakes, inconsistencies or other problems in the Blockchain Guild documents, please let us know by filing an issue at the appropriate issue tracker (we use multiple repositories). No issue is too small.

# Community Guidelines

* Be nice: Be courteous, respectful and polite to fellow community members.
* Make everyone in our community feel welcome, regardless of their background and the extent of their contributions.
* Share only content that you own, do not share private or sensitive information, and don't break laws.
* Stay on topic.

Commit message:

adding CLA pgp signing instructions
(It's hard to find the PGP command otherwise, and it's relevant to contributing in general)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

This is a free and open source project and we welcome contributions.

## Getting Started

First, make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free).

## Contributor's License Agreements

If you're submitting changes to any Blockchain Commons codebases which run in production (not solely documentation), you'll need to upload a signed Contributor's License Agreement for that repository.

To sign a Contributor License Agreement, fill in the relevant fields (indicated like this in the plaintext: $field). 

Then sign using GPG using the following command gpg --armor --clearsign --output ./CLA-signed/CLA.YOURGITHUBNAME.YOURGPGFINGERPRINT.asc CLA.md.

You can either submit your signed Contributor License Agreement to this repo as a GPG signed Pull Request or email it to ChristopherA@BlockchainCommons.com.

## Changes
  * Significant improvements should be documented as GitHub issues first.
  * Fork the repository.
  * Make changes in your own fork.
  * When you make a commit, write a succinct summary of your changes in the description, add more details in the extended.
  * If you are using Github interface, before committing, review your changes with the Preview tab. Then commit your changes.
  * Go to the master repository, and submit a pull request for your changes.

## Typos and Other Small Changes

If you find typos, mistakes, inconsistencies or other problems in the Blockchain Guild documents, please let us know by filing an issue at the appropriate issue tracker (we use multiple repositories). No issue is too small.

# Community Guidelines

* Be nice: Be courteous, respectful and polite to fellow community members.
* Make everyone in our community feel welcome, regardless of their background and the extent of their contributions.
* Share only content that you own, do not share private or sensitive information, and don't break laws.
* Stay on topic.
