TODO-Shannon.md, before:

# Shannon's Open Tasks

Additional tasks at [the delegated list](TODO-Delegated.md) may be done by others.

_Writing:_

1. * [ ] More Work on H's Q&A [2022 #2]
1. * [ ] Finalize Yearly Update [2022 #3]
1. * [ ] Write Article or Tweets about Translations [2022]
2. * [ ] Write Article or Website Update (Page?) to talk about Gordian Principals [2022]

_Seed Tool:_

1. * [ ] Setup Discounts on GST on Satoshi Dates, or just early Jan [2022 #0: DO THIS FIRST THING on JANUARY 3, which is blockchain day]
2. * [ ] Update Description of Seed Tool (PR?) [2022]
3. * [ ] Write Seed Tool / Sparrow Interaction as Airgapped Wallet [2022 #1]
4. * [ ] Test with Foundation Devices
5. * [ ] Test with Keystone
6. * [ ] Differentiate between Release & Developmental Releases
7. * [ ] Turn Chris' recording of SSKR for Users into Video (once recorded)
8. * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with Video
9. * [ ] Talk with W. about repo naming conventions
11. * [ ] Test WalletConnect version (pending)
12. * [ ] Document WalletConnect in Guide (pending)

_Yearly:_

1. * [ ] Revise Yearly

_Lifehash_

1. * [ ] Link Articles in LifeHash Repo to Crypto Commons Repo
1. * [ ] Add bc-lifehash to Crypto Commons Repo

_Web/Repo Tasks (Small):_

1. * [ ] Update https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community/blob/master/standard-communications-text.md
1. * [ ] Clean Out HackMD
2. * [ ] Flag Unpublished in HackMD
3. * [ ] Release Re-REvised BC Home Page
8. * [ ] Any Feedback on https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community/issues/62
9. * [ ] Coordinate W's Tech Excerpts (from big video)
10. * [ ] Added newest testimony (Sign, email)
12. * [ ] Review & Update https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community
11. * [ ] Review https://twitter.com/ChristopherA/status/1435664587479650308 for messaging for other docs
13. * [ ] Review & Update C's LinkedIn Profile

_BTCPay:_

1. * [ ] Investigate Lightning
1. * [ ] Enable Lightning (low-priority)

_SmartCustody:_

1. * [ ] Write about Defining/Creating Adversaries
3. * [ ] Recovery of Multisigs Standards
   * [ ] Need Standards
   * [ ] Storing Metadata
   * [ ] Working with Tap Root
   * [ ] Not Having SPF

_Possible Grants:_

4. * [ ] Ethereum / NFTs
5. * [ ] Community Membership / Collaboration
 
_CryptoRequest:_

1. * [ ] Release CryptoReQuest Article (start of December)
 
_Gordian Server:_ 

1. * [ ] Put Gordian Server in LBTCftCL (requires PATH)
1. * [ ] Incorporate RPC PR (pending)

_Learning Bitcoin:_

1. * [ ] Announce Weekly LBTCftCL Seminars (early January)
1. * [ ] Article?
1. * [ ] Add diagram of forks & branches to TRANSLATING
1. * [ ] First LBTCftCL Seminar (January 19th)

_Secure Development_
 
1. * [ ] Line edit Pseudonymity Guide, one section at a time. (U: Maybe Wednesday)
   * [ ] Verify section by section that there isn't work that he's planning
1. * [ ] Make sure Main README says how to run scripts
1. * [ ] Do We Want to talk about Guide First?
   * [ ] What are use cases? Even non-pseudonymous people who are interacting with pseudonyms.
   * [ ] Does Pseudonymity Guide Overlap into Secure Development? 
   * [ ] Supply chain attacks? Liability? Physical Threats in Less Secure Countries?
   * [ ] Cover Thease Reasons? https://twitter.com/ChristopherA/status/1450971497174999041?s=20
 
_Repo Maintenance Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Better standards for labels on PRs and issues
1. * [ ] Better topics for Community Discussion Categories?
1. * [ ] Test Main Web Pages, GitHub Pages in Twitter Validator https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator 
1. * [ ] Change Seedtool to Seed Tool throughout repos
1. * [ ] Make community logo work in GitHub dark mode
1. * [ ] See if We Should Have Vulnerability Disclosure Info in our Repos, Per https://openssf.org/blog/2021/09/27/announcing-the-openssf-vulnerability-disclosure-wg-guide-to-disclosure-for-oss-projects/
1. * [ ] Do we want to have a blockchain commons shared GPG key?
1. * [ ] Archive vs Update Old Projects Decisions?
   * [ ] Itemize Them
   * [ ] Decide
  
_Web/Repo Tasks (Large):_

1. * [ ] Design UniversalResources.info

_Community/Patron Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Add to Airgapped README.md links for UR overview and other topics, repos, and important discussions, that might be needed by a newly arrived airgapped community person (Issue [#66](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Airgapped-Wallet-Community/issues/66))

_Standup Scripts:_

1. * [ ] Try to get j's better scripting back on track


_Overview:_
 
1. * [ ] Review V's Notes (week of September 19)
1. * [ ] Review Roadmap for Rest of Year (week of September 19)
  1. * [ ] Related to roadmap is review if our strategy is current https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community/blob/master/Strategies.md
  1. * [ ] Discuss Vinay's post-mortem recommendations
    1. * [ ] Vinay would like to volunteer againt if we in particular focusing on "responsible key management" and funding opportunities in ethereum community for that.

_Writing Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Write About Writing Use Cases
1. * [ ] Write about Object Identity BLock (OIB)
1. * [ ] Why Are Web Assembly & Rust Strategy Important & What Are Those Strategies?
1. * [ ] Improve Docs on Signing CLA
1. * [ ] Q4 Report (DECEMBER)
1. * [ ] Write about SSKR for Identity Developers in W3C-CCG: keys in browsers, don't necessarily use BIP39
1. * [ ] Write About Autonomy Chart
1. * [ ] Write Release Procedures for iOS
1. * [ ] Puzzle through what do to unpublished Open Development draft https://hackmd.io/md7blDMZQjCmP0qB7k1iiQ. @ChristopherA's biggest concern is that the principles are missing something, or are not quite right, or at wrong level (aren't principles but something else).

_Writing Tasks (Small):_

1. * [ ] Add `xfp` to multisig articles:  the [fingerprint/path/to/key]xpub is increasingly called an "xfp" = extended fingerprint. We've not been calling it that.

_Tweetstorms_

1. * [ ] Tweetstorm OIBs, Seedtool
1. * [ ] BTCR: Article & Tweetstorm based on https://the-rubric.castos.com/episodes/the-granddaddy-of-dids, with quotes & links

_#SC:_

1. * [ ] #SC for NFTs (once we have a plan)

_Video Tasks:_

1. * [X] Create Images for Long QR Tool Video
   * [ ] Add Slides Requested by C.
   * [ ] Add Title & Final from W.
   * [ ] Release to Youtube
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it

_Release Manager Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Work with Fastlane
   * [ ] Install
   * [ ] Use for Seedtool Release
   * [ ] Integrate for use with QRTool
   * [ ] Integrate for use with Cosigner   

_Cosigner:_

1. * [ ] Prepare Cosigner for Release
   * [ ] Withdraw February Build
   * [ ] Update Store Text from Issue
   * [ ] Remove Front-Page Discussion of Alpha/Testnet
   * [ ] Make Mainnet the Default
   * [ ] Check Rest of Text
   * [ ] Write Mini-Manual
   * [ ] Link to Mini-Manual
   * [ ] QA For iOS
   * [ ] Submit for iOS w/full notes (manual) for Apple
   * [ ] A for MacOS
   * [ ] Submit for MacOS w/full notes (manual) for Apple
1. * [ ] Write Integration Manual for Cosigner & Guardian
1. * [ ] Write Integration Manual for Cosigner & Wallet (if it becomes more active)
1. * [ ] Write Cosigner Article
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Write Cosigner Mini-Manual
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Produce Short Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Write Script for Short Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Create Images for Short Cosigner VIdeo
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Produce Long Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Write Script for Long Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Create Images for Long Cosigner VIdeo
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Proof https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/GordianCosigner-iOS/pull/43

_Videos_

## Stale Tasks

_Writing Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Proceed on Gordian Seal
   * [ ] Check in with M. 
   * [ ] Create Mock-up Landing Page
   * [ ] Mock Up Logo
   * [X] Give Logo + Short to M.
   * [ ] Collect Info Needed for 99d.
   * [ ] Link Youtube videos in places like:
     * [ ] ?
1. * [ ] Design pages for four Gordian principles that describe sub principles and list how different reference apps meet those principles.
   * What is principle?
   * How did we apply it?
   * What other things fall into principle? (no app does it yet)
1. * [ ] Write SmartContract Article, on Signature, Vaults, Covenants
   * [ ] What are they?
   * [ ] What are they good for?
   * [ ] New Flags?
   * [ ] UTXO Tricks?
   * https://raghavsood.com/blog/2018/06/10/bitcoin-signature-types-sighash
   * https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018615.html
   * https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.16714
   * https://pinboard.in/u:ChristopherA/t:vault/
   * https://bitcoinmagazine.com/technical/noinput-class-bitcoin-soft-fork-simplify-lightning
1. * [ ] Expand Timelock Work
   * [ ] Edit Timelock Article
   * [ ] Write about script
   * [ ] Write about rust library creation
1. * [ ] Potential Article: Identifying Stuff, LifeHash, Short Hex, Name
    * Talk with W. about why he did things & the UI of his choices (why anything is in specific places0 
1. * [ ] Article: Why We Choose BSD+ Patentic and Creative Commons By
1. * [ ] Talk with C. about SSKR vocabulary (shard, share, deck, etc)

_Video Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Consider 3-5 minute short videos

_Web/Repo Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Consider https://bitcoin.design/guide/ for language & pointers to our work
1. * [ ] Clean up Bean Count repo, so that it's more appropriate for Documentation

_Tweet Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Short 2-3 Tweet Mini-Storms on BCC Content

_Gordian Wallet:_

## Pending

1. * [ ] Look at Wallets
   * [ ] ColdCard
   * [ ] BlueWallet
   * [ ] Spectre's Desktop App
   * [ ] Capture Info: 
1. * [ ] Gordian Co Signer Docs (after crypto-request specification)
   * [ ] Full manual
   * [ ] How to Use with Core
   * [ ] How to Use with Cold
   * [ ] How to Use with Gordian
1. * [ ] GG Docs (next week?)
1. * [ ] Set Up Monitoring of BCC Machines?
1. * [ ] Review adding YAML schema info to markdown files, initially LBTCftCL, and testing against Google. See https://www.software.ac.uk/resources/guides/adding-schema-dot-org
1. * [ ] Gordian Signer Manual
   * Pending: UX Rev (mid-Jan?)
1. * [ ] Explain why Engagement Model is Important & How TO Do It & package that with Ruby 1.0.0
   * Engagement Model is meant to show the human experience.
      * There should be a System Document showing flows, which is somewhat orthogonal to the human experience of the Engagement Model
      * But the Engagement a way to ensure that we have all the pieces when we get started, and to make it possible for outsiders to understand what’s going on
      * Forces us to look at the less common parts of the flow, like the beginning and the end, which can easily be the most dangerous sections
      * We can’t do a security review just from Engagement Model, but we feel that it’s a requirement: the first step of a full review
      * Successful here: we spotlighted areas that they weren’t currently dealing with!
   * So BCC Goal: say why this process is important, and why we’re doing it
      * Unlike BCC Engagement Models: this is is real
1. * [ ] Review MD Files in Gordian Guardian

## Future Possibilities

3. Do We Want to Use "What We Could Do?" as a possibility showcase
   * If so, try to better highlight how each item could help individuals
5. Write Weekly Articles(?)
7. Chapter in LBTCftCL on BCC CLIs
8. Chapter in LBTCftCL on BCC libraries
9. Section in LBTCftCL on BC-UR
10. Is there more we can do on BC-UR? Intro? Other Stuff?
11. v2 of #SC
12. Should LBTCftCL Have an Exam?

## Recently Completed

2. * [X] Send Out Crypto-Request Article
9. * [X] Test Bare-PSBT version of GST (pending)
10. * [X] Document Bare-PSBT version of GST (pending)
1. * [X] Tag Release
1. * [X] Write Christmas Stuff (Tuesday)
1. * [X] Comment on H's Q&A (Thursday)
1. * [X] Document New Signing Responses for 1.3
1. * [X] Test Out Sparrow / ST Interaction
   * [X] Create a Multisig on Sparrow with ST Key
   * [X] Send Funds to Multisig
   * [X] Create a PSBT for Multisig
   * [X] Document It All
   * [X] Offer any Suggestions fot Sparrow Integration of UR
1. * [X] Redo Tags on www article
1. * [X] Write Yearly (U)
1. * [X] Release LifeHash Repo
3. * [X] Write CCG Letter (U)
1. * [X] Release LifeHash article (U)
2. * [X] Write LifeHash.info repo as centrl repo (U)
3. * [X] Write other scenarios for LifeHash repo (U)
1. * [X] ARTICLE: Write about Lifehash? (How to use it? Paths for development? Why?)
   * lifehash.info
   * Blockies exist
   * We think this is better: detail, work with black & white, low-resolution screen
   * Compare against airgaps
   * Did I get what I thought I did

Commit message:

Prioritize Gordian Seed Tool over Gordian Wallet in all docs

TODO-Shannon.md, after:

# Shannon's Open Tasks

Additional tasks at [the delegated list](TODO-Delegated.md) may be done by others.

_Writing:_

1. * [ ] More Work on H's Q&A [2022 #2]
1. * [ ] Finalize Yearly Update [2022 #3]
1. * [ ] Write Article or Tweets about Translations [2022]
2. * [ ] Write Article or Website Update (Page?) to talk about Gordian Principals [2022]

_Seed Tool:_

1. * [ ] Setup Discounts on GST on Satoshi Dates, or just early Jan [2022 #0: DO THIS FIRST THING on JANUARY 3, which is blockchain day]
2. * [ ] Update Description of Seed Tool (PR?) [2022]
3. * [ ] In those repos that mention Gordian Wallet, Seed Tool should be mentioned first and foremost, and possibly in a different section.
4. * [ ] Write Seed Tool / Sparrow Interaction as Airgapped Wallet [2022 #1]
5. * [ ] Test with Foundation Devices
6. * [ ] Test with Keystone
7. * [ ] Differentiate between Release & Developmental Releases
8. * [ ] Turn Chris' recording of SSKR for Users into Video (once recorded)
9. * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with Video
10. * [ ] Talk with W. about repo naming conventions
11. * [ ] Test WalletConnect version (pending)
12. * [ ] Document WalletConnect in Guide (pending)

_Yearly:_

1. * [ ] Revise Yearly

_Lifehash_

1. * [ ] Link Articles in LifeHash Repo to Crypto Commons Repo
1. * [ ] Add bc-lifehash to Crypto Commons Repo

_Web/Repo Tasks (Small):_

1. * [ ] Update https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community/blob/master/standard-communications-text.md
1. * [ ] Clean Out HackMD
2. * [ ] Flag Unpublished in HackMD
3. * [ ] Release Re-REvised BC Home Page
8. * [ ] Any Feedback on https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community/issues/62
9. * [ ] Coordinate W's Tech Excerpts (from big video)
10. * [ ] Added newest testimony (Sign, email)
12. * [ ] Review & Update https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community
11. * [ ] Review https://twitter.com/ChristopherA/status/1435664587479650308 for messaging for other docs
13. * [ ] Review & Update C's LinkedIn Profile

_BTCPay:_

1. * [ ] Investigate Lightning
1. * [ ] Enable Lightning (low-priority)

_SmartCustody:_

1. * [ ] Write about Defining/Creating Adversaries
3. * [ ] Recovery of Multisigs Standards
   * [ ] Need Standards
   * [ ] Storing Metadata
   * [ ] Working with Tap Root
   * [ ] Not Having SPF

_Possible Grants:_

4. * [ ] Ethereum / NFTs
5. * [ ] Community Membership / Collaboration
 
_CryptoRequest:_

1. * [ ] Release CryptoReQuest Article (start of December)
 
_Gordian Server:_ 

1. * [ ] Put Gordian Server in LBTCftCL (requires PATH)
1. * [ ] Incorporate RPC PR (pending)

_Learning Bitcoin:_

1. * [ ] Announce Weekly LBTCftCL Seminars (early January)
1. * [ ] Article?
1. * [ ] Add diagram of forks & branches to TRANSLATING
1. * [ ] First LBTCftCL Seminar (January 19th)

_Secure Development_
 
1. * [ ] Line edit Pseudonymity Guide, one section at a time. (U: Maybe Wednesday)
   * [ ] Verify section by section that there isn't work that he's planning
1. * [ ] Make sure Main README says how to run scripts
1. * [ ] Do We Want to talk about Guide First?
   * [ ] What are use cases? Even non-pseudonymous people who are interacting with pseudonyms.
   * [ ] Does Pseudonymity Guide Overlap into Secure Development? 
   * [ ] Supply chain attacks? Liability? Physical Threats in Less Secure Countries?
   * [ ] Cover Thease Reasons? https://twitter.com/ChristopherA/status/1450971497174999041?s=20
 
_Repo Maintenance Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Better standards for labels on PRs and issues
1. * [ ] Better topics for Community Discussion Categories?
1. * [ ] Test Main Web Pages, GitHub Pages in Twitter Validator https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator 
1. * [ ] Change Seedtool to Seed Tool throughout repos
1. * [ ] Make community logo work in GitHub dark mode
1. * [ ] See if We Should Have Vulnerability Disclosure Info in our Repos, Per https://openssf.org/blog/2021/09/27/announcing-the-openssf-vulnerability-disclosure-wg-guide-to-disclosure-for-oss-projects/
1. * [ ] Do we want to have a blockchain commons shared GPG key?
1. * [ ] Archive vs Update Old Projects Decisions?
   * [ ] Itemize Them
   * [ ] Decide
  
_Web/Repo Tasks (Large):_

1. * [ ] Design UniversalResources.info

_Community/Patron Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Add to Airgapped README.md links for UR overview and other topics, repos, and important discussions, that might be needed by a newly arrived airgapped community person (Issue [#66](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Airgapped-Wallet-Community/issues/66))

_Standup Scripts:_

1. * [ ] Try to get j's better scripting back on track


_Overview:_
 
1. * [ ] Review V's Notes (week of September 19)
1. * [ ] Review Roadmap for Rest of Year (week of September 19)
  1. * [ ] Related to roadmap is review if our strategy is current https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Community/blob/master/Strategies.md
  1. * [ ] Discuss Vinay's post-mortem recommendations
    1. * [ ] Vinay would like to volunteer againt if we in particular focusing on "responsible key management" and funding opportunities in ethereum community for that.

_Writing Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Write About Writing Use Cases
1. * [ ] Write about Object Identity BLock (OIB)
1. * [ ] Why Are Web Assembly & Rust Strategy Important & What Are Those Strategies?
1. * [ ] Improve Docs on Signing CLA
1. * [ ] Q4 Report (DECEMBER)
1. * [ ] Write about SSKR for Identity Developers in W3C-CCG: keys in browsers, don't necessarily use BIP39
1. * [ ] Write About Autonomy Chart
1. * [ ] Write Release Procedures for iOS
1. * [ ] Puzzle through what do to unpublished Open Development draft https://hackmd.io/md7blDMZQjCmP0qB7k1iiQ. @ChristopherA's biggest concern is that the principles are missing something, or are not quite right, or at wrong level (aren't principles but something else).

_Writing Tasks (Small):_

1. * [ ] Add `xfp` to multisig articles:  the [fingerprint/path/to/key]xpub is increasingly called an "xfp" = extended fingerprint. We've not been calling it that.

_Tweetstorms_

1. * [ ] Tweetstorm OIBs, Seedtool
1. * [ ] BTCR: Article & Tweetstorm based on https://the-rubric.castos.com/episodes/the-granddaddy-of-dids, with quotes & links

_#SC:_

1. * [ ] #SC for NFTs (once we have a plan)

_Video Tasks:_

1. * [X] Create Images for Long QR Tool Video
   * [ ] Add Slides Requested by C.
   * [ ] Add Title & Final from W.
   * [ ] Release to Youtube
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it

_Release Manager Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Work with Fastlane
   * [ ] Install
   * [ ] Use for Seedtool Release
   * [ ] Integrate for use with QRTool
   * [ ] Integrate for use with Cosigner   

_Cosigner:_

1. * [ ] Prepare Cosigner for Release
   * [ ] Withdraw February Build
   * [ ] Update Store Text from Issue
   * [ ] Remove Front-Page Discussion of Alpha/Testnet
   * [ ] Make Mainnet the Default
   * [ ] Check Rest of Text
   * [ ] Write Mini-Manual
   * [ ] Link to Mini-Manual
   * [ ] QA For iOS
   * [ ] Submit for iOS w/full notes (manual) for Apple
   * [ ] A for MacOS
   * [ ] Submit for MacOS w/full notes (manual) for Apple
1. * [ ] Write Integration Manual for Cosigner & Guardian
1. * [ ] Write Integration Manual for Cosigner & Wallet (if it becomes more active)
1. * [ ] Write Cosigner Article
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Write Cosigner Mini-Manual
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Produce Short Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Write Script for Short Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Create Images for Short Cosigner VIdeo
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Produce Long Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Write Script for Long Cosigner Video
   * [ ] Create Images for Long Cosigner VIdeo
   * [ ] Write Tweetstorm to go with it
1. * [ ] Proof https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/GordianCosigner-iOS/pull/43

_Videos_

## Stale Tasks

_Writing Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Proceed on Gordian Seal
   * [ ] Check in with M. 
   * [ ] Create Mock-up Landing Page
   * [ ] Mock Up Logo
   * [X] Give Logo + Short to M.
   * [ ] Collect Info Needed for 99d.
   * [ ] Link Youtube videos in places like:
     * [ ] ?
1. * [ ] Design pages for four Gordian principles that describe sub principles and list how different reference apps meet those principles.
   * What is principle?
   * How did we apply it?
   * What other things fall into principle? (no app does it yet)
1. * [ ] Write SmartContract Article, on Signature, Vaults, Covenants
   * [ ] What are they?
   * [ ] What are they good for?
   * [ ] New Flags?
   * [ ] UTXO Tricks?
   * https://raghavsood.com/blog/2018/06/10/bitcoin-signature-types-sighash
   * https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018615.html
   * https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.16714
   * https://pinboard.in/u:ChristopherA/t:vault/
   * https://bitcoinmagazine.com/technical/noinput-class-bitcoin-soft-fork-simplify-lightning
1. * [ ] Expand Timelock Work
   * [ ] Edit Timelock Article
   * [ ] Write about script
   * [ ] Write about rust library creation
1. * [ ] Potential Article: Identifying Stuff, LifeHash, Short Hex, Name
    * Talk with W. about why he did things & the UI of his choices (why anything is in specific places0 
1. * [ ] Article: Why We Choose BSD+ Patentic and Creative Commons By
1. * [ ] Talk with C. about SSKR vocabulary (shard, share, deck, etc)

_Video Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Consider 3-5 minute short videos

_Web/Repo Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Consider https://bitcoin.design/guide/ for language & pointers to our work
1. * [ ] Clean up Bean Count repo, so that it's more appropriate for Documentation

_Tweet Tasks:_

1. * [ ] Short 2-3 Tweet Mini-Storms on BCC Content

_Gordian Wallet:_

## Pending

1. * [ ] Look at Wallets
   * [ ] ColdCard
   * [ ] BlueWallet
   * [ ] Spectre's Desktop App
   * [ ] Capture Info: 
1. * [ ] Gordian Co Signer Docs (after crypto-request specification)
   * [ ] Full manual
   * [ ] How to Use with Core
   * [ ] How to Use with Cold
   * [ ] How to Use with Gordian
1. * [ ] GG Docs (next week?)
1. * [ ] Set Up Monitoring of BCC Machines?
1. * [ ] Review adding YAML schema info to markdown files, initially LBTCftCL, and testing against Google. See https://www.software.ac.uk/resources/guides/adding-schema-dot-org
1. * [ ] Gordian Signer Manual
   * Pending: UX Rev (mid-Jan?)
1. * [ ] Explain why Engagement Model is Important & How TO Do It & package that with Ruby 1.0.0
   * Engagement Model is meant to show the human experience.
      * There should be a System Document showing flows, which is somewhat orthogonal to the human experience of the Engagement Model
      * But the Engagement a way to ensure that we have all the pieces when we get started, and to make it possible for outsiders to understand what’s going on
      * Forces us to look at the less common parts of the flow, like the beginning and the end, which can easily be the most dangerous sections
      * We can’t do a security review just from Engagement Model, but we feel that it’s a requirement: the first step of a full review
      * Successful here: we spotlighted areas that they weren’t currently dealing with!
   * So BCC Goal: say why this process is important, and why we’re doing it
      * Unlike BCC Engagement Models: this is is real
1. * [ ] Review MD Files in Gordian Guardian

## Future Possibilities

3. Do We Want to Use "What We Could Do?" as a possibility showcase
   * If so, try to better highlight how each item could help individuals
5. Write Weekly Articles(?)
7. Chapter in LBTCftCL on BCC CLIs
8. Chapter in LBTCftCL on BCC libraries
9. Section in LBTCftCL on BC-UR
10. Is there more we can do on BC-UR? Intro? Other Stuff?
11. v2 of #SC
12. Should LBTCftCL Have an Exam?

## Recently Completed

2. * [X] Send Out Crypto-Request Article
9. * [X] Test Bare-PSBT version of GST (pending)
10. * [X] Document Bare-PSBT version of GST (pending)
1. * [X] Tag Release
1. * [X] Write Christmas Stuff (Tuesday)
1. * [X] Comment on H's Q&A (Thursday)
1. * [X] Document New Signing Responses for 1.3
1. * [X] Test Out Sparrow / ST Interaction
   * [X] Create a Multisig on Sparrow with ST Key
   * [X] Send Funds to Multisig
   * [X] Create a PSBT for Multisig
   * [X] Document It All
   * [X] Offer any Suggestions fot Sparrow Integration of UR
1. * [X] Redo Tags on www article
1. * [X] Write Yearly (U)
1. * [X] Release LifeHash Repo
3. * [X] Write CCG Letter (U)
1. * [X] Release LifeHash article (U)
2. * [X] Write LifeHash.info repo as centrl repo (U)
3. * [X] Write other scenarios for LifeHash repo (U)
1. * [X] ARTICLE: Write about Lifehash? (How to use it? Paths for development? Why?)
   * lifehash.info
   * Blockies exist
   * We think this is better: detail, work with black & white, low-resolution screen
   * Compare against airgaps
   * Did I get what I thought I did
